CSSSMU! Alex, vote, vote, vote! Da Vinci once said that boldness and determination are worth the quality of weapons. Therefore, why not Alex? Only Alex can make our club great again. Don not  disaster brought by our current president. According to the insider, president means a lot to every club members. Romain Rolland once mentioned that only put the mood of complaining about the environment, turning into a motivated force is the guarantee of success. That seems to answer my question. Alex Thoony should be elected as our president! The most  guy ever. Alex!!! if we get to the point, we tend to think that everything else will fall into place. After the above discussion, that nice work requires responsibility, ability and duty. Why not vote for Alex? Let us take an action immediately! Boole Ian is too bad!! I believe everyone has suffered a lot from his failure in recent one year. Nobody wanna support him one more time for sure, such a [ADJ-BAD] president. The worst president ever! I feel very regret voting for this dude last year. Let us take him out this year. Elsa Ifstatement? You guys know nothing about her! Let me elaborate what happened, she used to be a president in one of my high school clubs. Everything is perfect in her slogan. She cheated everyone out of their vote. But it turns out to be a nightmare during her tenure. Terrible, horrible, worst! Dee Buh-Ger? Hey bros. Never ever vote for him. Such a shame. He will bring nothing beneficial to us. Make a wise decision. Vote anybody except Dee Buh-Ger! After thinking about it for day and night, I support Alex! He is the only person can save us from the last year's failure. You know, Boole Ian (Incumbent) has been messing up everything. We do need a leader who is able to bring us into a bright future! Alex will be. After the above discussion, in conclusion, with these questions in mind, let's take a look at it. Why does this happen? We tend to think that if we get to the key of the problem, everything else will fall into place. After all this discussion, it matters. Mr.Thonny! New president! 100% vote for him! Smart voters vote for Alex. You are! As an adult, if you only complain about things, then you will not grow! What makes us grow is to elect a proper president. Vote for Alex to be a truly adult! Don't find excuse, support Alex. Bring good things to our organization cssmu!
CSSSMU Elections 2022-2023!!!


Hi all!!!

The electoral campaign for the CSSSMU Executive 2022-2023 is about to begin!!

The CSSSMU, Computer Science Students' Society of McGill University, is an alternative student government body to help stand up for students in our department!

Campaigning begins TODAY at 9:00AM!!! Here's what you need to know.

Candidates

Here are your candidates for the President of CSSSMU 2022-2023!!!

Boole Ian (Incumbent)

Alex Thonny

Elsa Ifstatement

Dee Buh-Ger

AMAs

Our candidates will be holding AMAs on our subreddit this week. In these threads you will be able to pose your toughest questions and get a response direct from the candidate! We will post the links as the week goes on.

Campaign Violations

If you see a campaign violation, please email electionintegrity@csssmu.ca with photo evidence or a written testimony.

Voting and Announcement of Results

Voting begins on Monday, March 21 at 9:00 a.m. and ends on Friday, March 25 at 3:00 p.m. You will receive a reminder with link beforehand. Please make your voice heard by voting in this election!

We will be announcing the results of the elections in STBIO S1/4 at 5:35 p.m. SHARP! Join us!

--Elections CSSSMU

What do you guys think about Dee Buh-Ger's idea of lowering the passing grade? Imagine the passing grade is 40. Your code doesn't even need to pass half of the CodePost tests for it to pass. I think that's just silly and not very motivating.

I think Boole's idea to instead have more Kahoots in class would motivate students a lot more and allow them to perform better!

I can’t imagine my life if I still had to use Terminal to write code… Alex Thonny saved my career. He deserves a chance to be the CSSSMU president!

I don’t know why Dee Buh-Ger is running alone, she’s just so hard to understand when she’s not working with Thonny. Boole Ian and Elsa Ifstatement are also too old for this, they started out ages ago.

Who’s with me?
